docs(observability): added reference content (#1460)
scaleway/docs-content: observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Cockpit limitations

>   description: This section provides information on limitation regarding Obsverbaility's Cockpit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This section provides information on limitations regarding the Observability Cockpit
```

content:
  h1: Cockpit limitations

>   paragraph: This section provides information on limitation regarding Obsverbaility's Cockpit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This section provides information on limitations regarding the Observability Cockpit
```
